hi there welcome to this product review
for do G's ultimate world of warcraft
guide the ultimate world of warcraft
guide in the next couple of minutes
we're going to show you some of the
features of the product the benefits why
you should order how to order inside
you're going to learn the three steps to
having the most fun with world of
warcraft step number one is leveling
your character from level 1 280 number 2
funding your characters gold 3
dominating other players in PvP the
system is guaranteed to work for anybody
and in fact it's work over 13,000 other
gamers again we'll take a look inside
the product in just a moment but you'll
get the free fully functional 12 20
leveling guide and more learn the
secrets in leveling get the new and
improved 1 280 leveling path
step-by-step guide of where and when to
accept and turn in quests automatic
detection of quest accept completion and
turn in to take you to the next step
automatic use quest items and more also
included the talent and gear guide for
every class even the new death knight
you'll get leveling talents back for
every class five-man instance guide for
the burning crusade 60 to 75 man
instance guide for wrath of the lich
king 70 to 80 normal and heroic mode
item listing interactive website for
instant tooltip and gear selection and
more here's what others are saying from
our shipley he says that if it wasn't
for your world of warcraft in game guide
i would be running around in circles
bran from canada says i recommend this
highly for new and long-term users alike
who did not have access to beta it's a
fantastic tool to explore Northrend i
owe my success in the game to ultimate
wow guide no question you can order the
ultimate horde and alliance leveling
guide regular price for one faction
today at forty seven dollars regular
price for both factions at sixty seven
dollars when you're ready to order click
this button a couple of other things to
mention is the auction house video
tutorial probably one of the most
impressive parts of the guide it's a 20
minute step-by-step guide on how to use
tools to automatically earn gold through
simple procedures it's also ideal for
beginners
or advanced players also included level
your professional 12 450 the fastest and
cheapest way possible you can order the
complete discount package of leveling
plus gold plus PvP for a discounted rate
of ninety seven dollars and click this
button simply make your selection enter
the information and hit continue once
you've made your selection you'll be
here in the members area let's take a
look at our subscription here you have
the leveling guides with instructions
for downloading and installing you also
have access to a installation video for
further instruction let's take a look at
this section class gear talent guides
and instant strategy
and that's a look at do G's ultimate
world of warcraft guide we hope you
found it informative useful and if you'd
like to order the product you can click
the link below this video thanks for
watching